[AzureMonitorExporter] add extra properties to Exception (#41767)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/monitor/Azure.Monitor.OpenTelemetry.Exporter/CHANGELOG.md

  `_OTELRESOURCE_` metrics.
  ([#41761](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/pull/41761))

> * Fixed an issue where additional tags provided with Exceptions were missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where tags associated with Exceptions, specifically those logged using RecordException, were not being included. Now, tags linked to an ActivityEvent of type exception are correctly exported as Custom Properties.
```

Reviewer: Provide a link to RecordException API

> * Fixed an issue where additional tags provider with `activity.RecordException`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where additional tags provided with `activity.RecordException`
```

Reviewer 2: It is not correct to say provided with activity.RecordException, as it is just a helper/extension method. More apt is to say, Tags provided as `ActivityEvent`, following exception semantic convention, is now exported as additional kvp. This will cover folks who directly add ActivityEvent, without going through RecordException API.

  `_OTELRESOURCE_` metrics.
  ([#41761](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/pull/41761))

> * Fixed an issue where tags associated with Exceptions, specifically those logged using

Reviewer 2: > specifically those logged using
>   [Activity.RecordException()

This is not correct. This exporter has no idea if the exception is added via RecordException or AddActivityEvent.

  [Activity.RecordException()](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/blob/f69c025178216d1879e5884f0a74ab15ca759a23/src/OpenTelemetry.Api/Trace/ActivityExtensions.cs#L81),
  were not being included.

>   Now, tags linked to an `ActivityEvent` of type exception are correctly exported as Custom Properties.

Reviewer 2: > `ActivityEvent` of type exception

Its better to say "ActivityEvents following the otel convention for storing exception". In future Activity may support Exceptions as first class thing, and we surely don;t want any confusion with that. Make sure the wordings are accurately describing the change.
